ceph-extra-exporter: improve README.md (#979)
cybozu/neco-containers: ceph-extra-exporter/README.md

`ceph-extra-exporter` exposes extra metrics using some Ceph commands.

## How to work

> ceph-extra-exporter get metrics using `ceph`, `rados-gw-admin`, and related commands and export metric values like as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ceph-extra-exporter gets metrics using `ceph`, `rados-gw-admin`, and related commands and export metric values like as follows.
```

> - Run `ceph` commands etc written in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run commands such as `ceph` written in the code. The output is in JSON format.
```

> - Modify output JSON to specify format using jq filter.

Reviewer: I could not understand the meaning of this explanation.
I would be happy if you could tell me the specific lines of Go code that this explanation refers to.

Reviewer: @llamerada-jp Could you give me a reply to this comment?

Reviewer: @llamerada-jp Sorry, but I just wanted to see the code to understand this explanation. I think you need not to write the Go source info in the document itself.

Anyway, now I believe I understand the meaning. How about changing this line as follows?

```suggestion
- Modify the output JSON to the specified format using jq filter.
```

- Decode formatted JSON and export these values as the metrics.

> The commands to get values and arguments for jq are hard-coded, so to add metrics, please modify the program by reading [`How to add metrics`](#how-to-add-a-metrics) section.

Reviewer: Though it is not a problem of this PR, "how-to-add-a-metrics" is a broken English.
It should be "how-to-add-metrics" or "how-to-add-a-metric", and the name of the related section should be also changed.

> The commands to get values and arguments for jq are hard-coded, so to add metrics, please modify the program by reading [`How to add metrics`](#how-to-add-metrics) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The commands to get values and arguments for jq are hard-coded. To add metrics, please modify the program by reading [`How to add metrics`](#how-to-add-metrics) section.
```

## How to run

> To use `ceph` and `radosgw-admin` commands in the docker container of ceph-extra-exporter, configuration file (usually it is in `/etc/ceph/ceph.conf`) is required. An example of how to setup the file, deploy rook toolbox as a sidecar container of ceph-extra-exporter and sharing the `/etc/ceph` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use `ceph` and `radosgw-admin` commands in the docker container of ceph-extra-exporter, configuration file (usually it is in `/etc/ceph/ceph.conf`) is required. For example, you can deploy a rook toolbox as a sidecar container of ceph-extra-exporter and share the `/etc/ceph` directory between them.
```

Command-line options are:

| Option | Type | Default value | Description                   |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------------------------- |
| `port` | uint | `8080`        | port number to export metrics |

API endpoints are:

| Path        | Description                  |
| ----------- | ---------------------------- |

> | /v1/health  | This path for liveness probe |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| /v1/health  | The path for liveness probe |
```

`ceph-extra-exporter` exposes extra metrics using some Ceph commands.

## How to work

ceph-extra-exporter gets metrics using `ceph`, `rados-gw-admin`, and related commands and export metric values like as follows.

- Run commands such as `ceph` written in the code. The output is in JSON format.
- Modify output JSON to specify format using jq filter.
- Decode formatted JSON and export these values as the metrics.

This logic is implemented [here](https://github.com/cybozu/neco-containers/blob/91eb3f4771cb0e02513e078e60c98358a88bd280/ceph-extra-exporter/executer.go#L87-L126).
The commands to get values and arguments for jq are [hard-coded](https://github.com/cybozu/neco-containers/blob/91eb3f4771cb0e02513e078e60c98358a88bd280/ceph-extra-exporter/main.go#L18-L54), so to add metrics, please modify the program by reading [`How to add metrics`](#how-to-add-metrics) section.

## How to run

> To use `ceph` and `radosgw-admin` commands in the docker container of ceph-extra-exporter, configuration files for ceph commands are required. To retrieve those files, deploy ceph-extra-exporter container as a sidecar of rook toolbox sharing the `/etc/ceph` directory.

Reviewer 2: > To retrieve those files, deploy ceph-extra-exporter container as a sidecar of rook toolbox sharing the `/etc/ceph` directory.

This sentence is too concrete. The ceph-extra-exporter requires `ceph.conf` as you noted, but it need not be a sidecar of rook toolbox.

Command-line options are:

| Option | Type | Default value | Description                   |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------------------------- |

> | `port` | uint | `8080`        | port number to export metrics |

Reviewer 2: We cannot pass anything other than "string" to executables...

API endpoints are:

| Path        | Description                 |
| ----------- | --------------------------- |

> | /v1/health  | The path for liveness probe |
> | /v1/metrics | Exporting metrics           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| /v1/health  | the path for liveness probe |
| /v1/metrics | exporting metrics           |
```

Just for consistency.
